clash_royale/model/game/elemets/card/TroopCardTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.card.TroopCardTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/RiverTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.RiverTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/tower/TowerTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.tower.TowerTest
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.tower.TowerTest$1
clash_royale/view/game/RiverViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.RiverViewerTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/character/SpellCharacterTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.character.SpellCharacterTest
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.character.SpellCharacterTest$1
clash_royale/view/game/CharacterViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.CharacterViewerTest
clash_royale/view/game/GameViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.GameViewerTest
clash_royale/controller/gameover/GameOverControllerTest.java
 clash_royale.controller.gameover.GameOverControllerTest
clash_royale/states/game/GameStateTest.java
 clash_royale.states.game.GameStateTest
 clash_royale.states.game.GameStateTest$StateChild
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/card/SpellCardTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.card.SpellCardTest
clash_royale/controller/game/PlayerControllerTest.java
 clash_royale.controller.game.PlayerControllerTest
clash_royale/GameTest.java
 clash_royale.GameTest
clash_royale/gui/LanternaGUITest.java
 clash_royale.gui.LanternaGUITest
clash_royale/view/game/TowerViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.TowerViewerTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/BridgeTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.BridgeTest
clash_royale/states/menu/MenuStateTest.java
 clash_royale.states.menu.MenuStateTest
 clash_royale.states.menu.MenuStateTest$StateChild
clash_royale/view/menu/MenuViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.menu.MenuViewerTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/character/TroopCharacterTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.character.TroopCharacterTest
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.character.TroopCharacterTest$1
clash_royale/controller/menu/MenuControllerTest.java
 clash_royale.controller.menu.MenuControllerTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/BoundaryTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.BoundaryTest
clash_royale/model/game/arena/ArenaLoaderTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.arena.ArenaLoaderTest
clash_royale/view/game/BoundaryViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.BoundaryViewerTest
clash_royale/model/PositionTest.java
 clash_royale.model.PositionTest
clash_royale/states/gameover/GameOverStateTest.java
 clash_royale.states.gameover.GameOverStateTest
 clash_royale.states.gameover.GameOverStateTest$StateChild
clash_royale/controller/game/ArenaControllerTest.java
 clash_royale.controller.game.ArenaControllerTest
clash_royale/view/gameover/GameOverViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.gameover.GameOverViewerTest
clash_royale/model/gameover/GameOverTest.java
 clash_royale.model.gameover.GameOverTest
clash_royale/view/game/BridgeViewerTest.java
 clash_royale.view.game.BridgeViewerTest
clash_royale/controller/game/TowerControllerTest.java
 clash_royale.controller.game.TowerControllerTest
clash_royale/model/game/arena/ArenaTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.arena.ArenaTest
clash_royale/model/menu/MenuTest.java
 clash_royale.model.menu.MenuTest
clash_royale/model/PlayerTest.java
 clash_royale.model.PlayerTest
clash_royale/model/game/elemets/card/CardTest.java
 clash_royale.model.game.elemets.card.CardTest
